What's the best thing about Switzerland? I don't know, but the flag is a big plus
I invented a word! Plagiarism
Did you hear about the mathematician who's afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them
Why do we tell actors to "break a leg?" Because every play has a cast 
Helvetica and Times New Roman walk into a bar. "Get out here!" shouts the bartender. "We don't serve your type!"
Yesterday I saw a guy spill all his Scrabble letters on the road. I ased him, "What's the word on the street?"
Hear about the new restaurant called Karma? There's no menu. You get what you deserve.
A woman in labour suddenly shouted, "Shouldn't! Wouldn't! Couldn't! Didn't! Can't!" "Dont worry, said the Doc. Those are just contractions."
A bear walks into a bar and says, "Give me a whiskey and...cola" "Why the big pause?" asks the bartender. The bear shrugged. "I'm not sure; I was born with them. "
Did you hear about the actor who fell through the floorboards? He was just going through a stage
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
Why did the chicken go to the séance? To get to the other side. 
Where are average things manafactured? The satisfactory
How do you drown a hipster? Throw him in the mainstream
What sits at the bottom of the sea and twitches? A nervous wreck
What does a nosy pepper do? Gets jalapeño business!
How does Moses make tea? He brews.
Why can't you explain puns to kleptomaniacs? They always take things literally!
How do you keep a bagel from getting away? Put lox on it.
A man tells his doctor, "Doc, help me. I'm addicted to Twitter!" The doctor replies, "Sorry, I don't follow you..."
What kind of exercise do lazy people do? Diddly-squats
Why don't Calculus majors throw house parties? Because you should never drink and derive.
What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare-line.
What does Charles Dickens keep in his spice rack? The best of thymes, the worst of thymes.
What’s the different between a cat and a comma? A cat has claws at the end of paws; A comma is a pause at the end of a clause.
Why should the number 288 never be mentioned? It’s two gross.
What did the Tin Man say when he got run over by a steamroller? “Curses! Foil again!”
What did the bald man exclaim when he received a comb for a present?
What did the Buddhist say to the dog vendor? Make me one with everything
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between you and me, something smells
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta!
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it.
What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
What do you call a pony with a cough? A little horse.
What did one hat say to the other? You wait here. I'll go on a head.
What do you call a a magic doc? A labracadabrador.
What did the shark say when he ate the clownfish? This tastes a little funny
What’s orange and sounds like a carrot?	A parrot.
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the “P” is silent. 
What do you call a woman with one leg? Eileen.
What did the pirate say when he turned 80? Aye matey.
Why did the frog take the bus to work today? His car got toad away.
What did the buffalo say when his son left for college? Bison.
What is an astronaut’s favorite part on a computer? The space bar.
Why did the yogurt go to the art exhibition? Because it was cultured.
What do you call an apology written in dots and dashes? Re-Morse code.
